---
type: page
permalink: /about/
title: About The Pack
author: "Fatetaker"
toc: true
toc_label: "Pack Code of Conduct"
toc_icon: fas fa-fw fa-gavel
---

Bad Wolves Gaming is an international non-politically correct adult community
that is gamer focused. We mesh our playstyles together to compliment each other
with a focus on social co-operative team and group play, with occasional
competitive tendencies. We do not require members to play any particular way in
order to be a member. We have members that at times do not participate in any of
the games we play and are around just for the camaraderie. We like to operate by
the idea of if we are not having fun, we are not doing it right. And this goes
without speaking for every aspect of the Bad Wolf community.

Our team is supported by leadership from many corners of the gaming "multiverse"
under the shared vision of not only just playing a single game together, but
staying together no matter the paths and games we end up playing. Many of us
have too often experienced the fracturing groups of gamers and friends. We hope
to unite all those who find appeal in our vision so that we may have a community
in any game our members decide to delve into. So it has become our mission to
not only unite friends, but to unite them with new friends and new challenges.

## Our Community Mantra (aka the rules)

Not following these simple guidelines will get you removed from Bad Wolves. Our
rules are basic and non judgmental regardless of our own world, social or
political views. We judge our members solely on their actions. 

### Don't be a dick or a douche

This means, being constantly abrasive, rude or doing things that are not
welcomed by other pack members. Anyone who openly or publicly states and/or
infers that they will and/or are going to do anything towards any member or
group of people in this community and/or outside of it with bias or malice will
be removed and/or asked to leave.

### Don't harass or grief a fellow Bad Wolf

This is self explanatory, if you don't understand and accept this you should
just leave. We do not support racism and hateful behavior towards any of our
members.

### Bad Wolves is a community of adult gamers who work as a team, we are not for lone wolves or glory hounds

We are a selfless community that works to protect and grow through teamwork.
selfish mentalities are not welcome here. The community is normally good at
providing an environment that discourages the selfish and egotistical but
sometimes people can be stubborn and will need to be culled from time to time.
If you loot whore, roll on side grades when items are a significant upgrade for
others, gloat and laud over your fellow members or practice exclusionary
behaviors, you are a clear example of what we are not looking for.
 
### Do not shout, scream or use voice modifying software over VOIP

We are adults and all communication should be carried on as maturely as
possible. Nobody wants their eardrums assaulted by some neckbeard.

### Bring something to the community

Members should be bringing something to the community, whether its
Steam/Facebook activity, Discord conversation

### No Political Posting

We are a pro free speech community and we are an international community that
has accumulated members from all walks of life and have many different
experiences and world viewpoints.. You are free to have political discussions in
voice or private DMs as long as it does not interfere with others or violate any
of our rules. We are a gaming community, people come here to escape the dumpster
fires of politics and life in general Please be respectful of our priority to
gaming and escapism, do not poison the chat channels with politics.